Fix Network Security Testing on Android and iOS (by @NowSecure) (#2042)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x06c-Reverse-Engineering-and-Tampering.md

The implementation and verification of secure connections can be an intricate process and there are numerous aspects to consider. For instance, many applications use other protocols apart from HTTP such as XMPP or plain TCP packets, or perform certificate pinning in an attempt to deter MITM attacks.

> Remember that in most cases, only using static analysis will not be enough and might even turn to be extremely inefficient when compared to the dynamic alternatives which will get much more reliable results (e.g. using an interceptor proxy). In this section we've just slightly touched the surface, so please refer to the section "[Basic Network Monitoring/Sniffing](0x06b-Basic-Security-Testing.md#basic-network-monitoringsniffing "Basic Network Monitoring/Sniffing")" in the "iOS Basic Security Testing" chapter and check out the test cases in the chapter "[iOS Network Communication](0x06g-Testing-Network-Communication.md)" for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember that in most cases, using only static analysis will not be enough and might even turn out to be extremely inefficient when compared to the dynamic alternatives which will get much more reliable results (e.g. using an interception proxy). In this section we've only touched the surface, so please refer to the section "[Basic Network Monitoring/Sniffing](0x06b-Basic-Security-Testing.md#basic-network-monitoringsniffing "Basic Network Monitoring/Sniffing")" in the "iOS Basic Security Testing" chapter and check out the test cases in the chapter "[iOS Network Communication](0x06g-Testing-Network-Communication.md)" for further information.
```
Previous update had 'interception proxy'. Haven't checked the MSTG for different versions, but maybe we should choose a version we like.
